###  What is the problem?
In healthcare, the biggest challenge is not having enough doctors especially in public `hospitals` and `rural` clinics, which causes delays in treatment because they have to handle a high numbers of patients and have little time with each patient. A patient may have complicated `symptoms` that can be difficult for doctors or nurses to figure out faster, which can cause other patients to wait in long queues for long hours. Currently doctors overwork leading to stress and  less efficiency.According to Jesse Copelyn in 2022 "South Africa has eight doctors for every 10 000 people. Less than half the global average. But the shortages are more concentrated in the public sector than in private healthcare and even worse in rural areas — most Limpopo districts don’t even have one doctor for every 10 000 people."- (https://bhekisisa.org/article/2022-06-01-could-rural-students-solve-sas-doctor-dilemma/)

### How Relevant is it to the theme?
This AI solution fits the theme because it uses `artificial intelligence` to help healthcare by making diagnoses faster. By using this AI the project will help support doctors, improve quality health support in `South Africa`, and also making healthcare more accessible to all `South Africans`. Analyzing `symptoms` will reduce doctor’s workload and helps patients get treatment sooner. This helps when there aren’t enough doctors and makes healthcare faster.


###  How Beneficial will it be to solve the problem?
Solving this problem will reduce long waiting hours in the hospitals and clinics, allowing services to run more smoothly. The use of `AI` can also improve accuracy in diagnosis by comparing `symptoms` , which lowers the chance of human errors. This will also save costs by avoiding unnecessary tests and long hospital stays. Overall, it will benefit both patients and medical staff, leading to a stronger and more efficient healthcare system.
