### Business objectives
Our main goal is to fill the gaps caused by not having enough doctors in `South African's` health care sectors, ensuring that patients are attended too quickly and helping doctors to handle more patients easily by using `AI`  for identifying  `diseases` using `symptoms`, and also allowing doctors to concentrate on urgent and `complex cases`. When there are no many doctors, `AI` can give an early check, so that people can still get care. By doing this patients will spend less time waiting in hospitals and clinics.

### Success criteria
The `AI` project will be successful if at least waiting times for patients in `South African` hospitals and clinics are cut by `40%` and doctors' workload is reduced by `30%` ,at least `70%` of patients are satisfied with the service, and also if they spend less time waiting in hospitals and clinics because `AI` helps give faster diagnoses and monitoring. The `AI` is successful if it helps reduce doctors’ workload in hospitals where there are only a few doctors, and if patients spend less time waiting for diagnoses and treatment at clinics.

### Business Background
In `South Africa` the healthcare industry faces a challenge of not having enough doctors in hospitals and clinics especially in rural areas because of urbanisation.Because of that ,Patients have to wait  long hours, diagnoses are slower, and both doctors and patients feel more stressed.Hospitals In rural areas often cannot provide care on time. Since `South Africa` is one of the developing countries our AI will also help towards this development by developing our healthcare facilities. To help solve this problems,Our` Artificial Intelligence` can support `South Africa's` healthcare. Our AI will prompt patients’ symptoms.Then it will pass the information to the doctor or the person in charge of diagnoses, helping doctors make decisions faster. `AI` lowers doctors’ workload, allows them to focus on urgent or complicated patients, and helps patients get care more quickly and easily.
